I believe in Shixian
He would never kill anyone
Sister, he not only kills
It's still you and the child between you
What sister?
You fell off a cliff this time
It has nothing to do with Chen Shixian and Anmi
Silence is not my wife
Don't listen to the slander
Silently, our best friend for so many years
How could I possibly kill you?
We've come a long way from college.
I have always loved you
You lie
You said it was you who was ruthless and vicious
You made me process
Now you have to understand me and my silent girlfriend
Ami, you have a boyfriend?
Silence is always
I'll introduce him to you in a few days.
Uncle Li, why do you want to hurt your silent girlfriend?
My sister Amy is my best friend
Don't you hurt her